8/3/18
Began coding interface
appJar imported and finished the layout for initial form, main form and add transaction form
Code varies from given pseudocode, due to limitations of appjar. It is not possible to have each form held within its own function as I had hoped. This is because there can only be one gui instance running at a time, and subwindows must be created from that.
Designs differ slightly to those given in Analysis and Design document, again due to limitations of appjar

15/3/18
Finished coding of interface for rest of buttons excluding the chart generator. Some changes needed to design again:
Edit form cannot have same widget names as Add form, so have had to rename some
File selection and both new and existing save form use standard windows select and save dialogs rather than custom ones
Only non-functional buttons now are "Toggle Currency" and "Generate Pie Chart" ones, as these will require more library imports, and further complications
Downloaded MySQL Module for python to begin database work
Got database manipulation working: Create database, create table, insert to table, modify insert and fetch data for display
Added row to entity model in Design for data types

22/3/18
Realised it is not possible to have open and store files locally using mySQL library with python, using sqlite3 instead.
Functionality for creating new database files, opening existing all working.
Started to get adding new purchases and editing working. Tables are updating just need to output them

23/3/18
Finished implementing file read and create functions
Finished implementing coin edit and add functions
Also made change folio button functional
Listbox now updates when any of the above functions are called

25/3/18
Made coin value scrape function
Returns to listbox upon any action

29/3/18
Completed implementation of pie chart and currency toggle
Made label at top update with actual total value
All implementation complete, just needs testing now

1/4/18
Attempted to create a standalone .exe file
plotly is not integrated well with pyinstaller and couldn't make this work. Switched from using plotly library to matplotlib to output the Pie Chart
File is now compiled succesfully, however cannot display an icon

2/4/18
Began testing
Test plan written
First few functions testing with Unit Testing methedologoy
Fixed a small(annoying) bug where display was toggling forwards one currency when edit or add functions were used after toggling.

11/4/18
Completed testing phase.
v1 of program complete!
